README.md, before:

# logR [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jangorecki/logR.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jangorecki/logR)

Extended logging solution:

- [x] transactional logging: insert log, evaluate call, update log.
- [x] warnings and error catching.
- [x] log process metadata: in/our nrow, tags.
- [x] log to DBI supported database.
- [ ] requires *SEQUENCE* or *INSERT RETURNING* database features.
- [x] email notification on warnings/error.
- [x] support parallel processing.
- [x] shiny app web UI to browse logs.

**Current version:** [1.9.9.5](NEWS.md)

## Installation

```r
library(devtools)
install_github("jangorecki/logR")
```

## Usage

See [How to use logR](https://rawgit.com/jangorecki/ed9a4d9f7dbc77229746/raw/cd44c0d2e396d18ff8c0b158f550b6ef7a744a5b/logR.html) vignette.

```r
library(logR)

# read
?logR

# csv logging example
N <- 1e5
df <- data.frame(a = rnorm(N), b = sample(seq_len(as.integer(log(N))),N,TRUE))
dt <- as.data.table(df)
dfr <- logR(with(df, aggregate(a, list(b), sum)), in_rows=nrow(df))
dtr <- logR(dt[,.(a=sum(a)),,b], in_rows=nrow(dt))
err <- logR(sum(1,"a"))
war <- logR(cor(c(1,1),c(2,3)))
logR_query()
library(shiny)
logR_browser()
```

## License

GPL-3

## Contact

`J.Gorecki@wit.edu.pl`

Commit message:

pg_mini first version, looks stable

README.md, after:

# logR [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jangorecki/logR.svg?branch=pg_mini)](https://travis-ci.org/jangorecki/logR)

Extended logging solution:

- [x] transactional logging: insert log, evaluate call, update log.
- [x] log to postgres database.
- [x] warnings and error catching.
- [x] log process metadata: in/our nrow, flexible list of custom metadata.
- [ ] email notification on warnings/error.
- [x] support parallel processing.

The logR [pg_mini](https://github.com/jangorecki/logR/tree/pg_mini) branch is focused on logging to postgres. New *alert* feature is added which allows to distinguish action for error/warnings. Additionally instead of single `tag` field there is flexible metadata columns list. Sending emails will be handled by [www.mailgun.com](http://www.mailgun.com/) to remove java dependency which is currently used in other branches.  

## Installation

```r
library(devtools)
install_github("jangorecki/logR@pg_mini")
```

## Usage

See `tests/tests.R` and read manual.

## License

GPL-3

## Contact

`J.Gorecki@wit.edu.pl`
